add buildkit keepalive envs docs (#162)
okteto/docs: src/content/cloud/okteto-cli.mdx

- `${OKTETO_BUILD_<service>_REPOSITORY}`: the name of the image that was pushed (`namespace/_<service>`)
- `${OKTETO_BUILD_<service>_IMAGE}`: the full image reference (using its SHA)

It is also possible to handle timeouts from the client side when communicating with the buldkit daemon. To do so, the following environment variables can be modified:

> - `OKTETO_KEEPALIVE_CLIENT_TIME_MS`: After a duration of this time if the client doesn't see any activity it pings the server to see if the transport is still alive. If set below 10s, a minimum value of 10s will be used instead. The current default value is infinity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OKTETO_KEEPALIVE_CLIENT_TIME_MS`: After a duration of this time, if the client doesn't see any activity, it will ping the server to see if the transport is still alive. If set below 10s, a minimum value of 10s will be used.The current default value is infinity.
```

> - `OKTETO_KEEPALIVE_CLIENT_TIME_MS`: After a duration of this time if the client doesn't see any activity it pings the server to see if the transport is still alive. If set below 10s, a minimum value of 10s will be used instead. The current default value is infinity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `OKTETO_KEEPALIVE_CLIENT_TIME_MS`: After this duration of time, if the client doesn't see any activity it pings the server to see if the transport is still alive. If set below 10s, a minimum value of 10s will be used instead. The current default value is infinity.
```

> - `OKTETO_KEEPALIVE_CLIENT_TIMEOUT_MS`: After having pinged for keepalive check, the client waits for a duration of Timeout and if no activity is seen even after that the connection is closed. The current default value is 20 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OKTETO_KEEPALIVE_CLIENT_TIMEOUT_MS`: After sending a keepalive  ping, the client waits for a duration of Timeout and if no activity is seen the connection is closed. The current default value is 20 seconds.
```

> - `OKTETO_KEEPALIVE_CLIENT_PERMIT_WITHOUT_STREAM`: If true, client sends keepalive pings even with no active RPCs. If false, when there are no active RPCs, Time and Timeout will be ignored and no keepalive pings will be sent. False by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OKTETO_KEEPALIVE_CLIENT_PERMIT_WITHOUT_STREAM`: If true, the client sends keepalive pings even with no active RPCs. If false, when there are no active RPCs, Time and Timeout will be ignored and no keepalive pings will be sent. False by default.
```
